= Install Thin Ruby on Rails Application Server

== Resources

	http://kevin.vanzonneveld.net/techblog/article/ruby_with_nginx_on_ubuntu_lucid/
	http://www.beechtreetech.com/ruby-on-rails-thin-and-nginx-on-windows#steps

== Introduction

Build and install Thin. This example does not attempt to configure the software.

== Install Capistrano and Thin gems on the EC2 server

	scp -r -i ~/.ssh/server001keypair.pem server ec2-user@ec2-184-73-20-225.compute-1.amazonaws.com:/tmp
	ssh -i ~/.ssh/server001keypair.pem ec2-user@ec2-184-73-20-225.compute-1.amazonaws.com
	cd   /tmp/server
	bash 001_install_gems.sh

== Generate the example and deploy to the EC2 server

Generate the example.

	cd   004_thin
	bash 001_install_gems.sh
	bash 002_new_app.sh

Deploy the example with Capistrano and build the software (icecast, mpd, mpc and ncmpc).

	bash 005_deploy.sh

Delete the files and gemset.

	bash 999_clean.sh

== NOTE: Installing gems without rvm

Before using rvm, I installed rubygems, rails and thin like this.

	yum -y install rubygems.noarch
	gem install rails –platform=ruby
	gem install thin –platform=ruby
	gem install mysql
	# not this one: gem install mysql –platform=ruby

I am not sure why "–platform=ruby" was used. I don't think it is recognized.

== ISSUE: openssl LoadError

When running "thin install", I got this error.

	/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-1.8.7-p334/lib/ruby/site_ruby/1.8/rubygems/custom_require.rb:36:in `gem_original_require':
	 no such file to load -- openssl (LoadError)

SOLUTION

From: http://groups.google.com/group/thin-ruby/browse_thread/thread/e30fc6d9f0dd2ee7

	rvm package install zlib
	rvm package install openssl		# required by thin
	rvm remove 1.8.7
	rvm install 1.8.7 --with-zlib-dir=$rvm_path/usr --with-openssl-dir=$rvm_path/usr
