= Configure Nginx and Thin

== Resources

	http://kevin.vanzonneveld.net/techblog/article/ruby_with_nginx_on_ubuntu_lucid/
	http://www.beechtreetech.com/ruby-on-rails-thin-and-nginx-on-windows#steps

== Introduction

This example creates the myapp gemset and installs the Nginx and Thin config files.

	/etc/nginx/conf.d/myapp.conf
	/etc/thin/myapp

== Install Capistrano on the EC2 server

Follow the instructions in 002_capistrano_norails.

== Generate the example and deploy to the EC2 server

Deploy the example with Capistrano and configure the software (nginx and thin).

	cd   005_thin_conf
	bash 005_deploy.sh

Delete the local files and gemset.

	bash 999_clean.sh

== Test the web server

	http://ec2-184-72-84-255.compute-1.amazonaws.com

== ISSUE: Could not find RubyGem thin

When running "service thin start", it shows this error.

	/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-1.8.7-p334/lib/ruby/site_ruby/1.8/rubygems.rb:900:in `report_activate_error':
	Could not find RubyGem thin (>= 0) (Gem::LoadError)

SOLUTION

Add this to /etc/init.d/thin.

	[[ -s "/usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm" ]]     && . "/usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm" # Load system RVM function if found
	[[ -s "$HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm" ]]         && . "$HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm"     # Load user RVM function if found
	rvm use 1.8.7@myapp

== ISSUE: No adapter found

When running "service thin start", it says that it starts. But, no processes are running. The log shows this error.

	cat /u/myapp/current/log/thin.3000.log
	>> Writing PID to tmp/pids/thin.3000.pid
	No adapter found for /u/myapp/current
	>> Exiting!

SOLUTION

Thin must be configured to chdir to a valid rails directory.

	-c, --chdir DIR                  Change to dir before starting

== ISSUE: wrong version of rack

When running "service thin start", it says that it starts. But, no processes are running. The log shows this error.

	cat /u/myapp/current/log/thin.3000.log
	You have already activated rack 1.3.0, but your Gemfile requires rack 1.2.3.

SOLUTION

Rack 1.3.0 was installed when Thin was installed. Make a Gemfile with thin and rack 1.2.3. Use bundler to install the correct versions.
