= Create a new server instance on EC2

== Resources

	http://aws.amazon.com/
	http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/#pricing
	http://aws.amazon.com/documentation/
	http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/latest/GettingStartedGuide/

== Introduction

Sign up for a new account and run a Linux/Unix Micro instance for free for a year.

== Launch an Instance

Follow the instructions in the Getting Started Guide to launch a new instance. These examples use the basic Linux instance.

	Basic 32-bit Amazon Linux AMI 2011.02.1 Beta

Create and download a new Key Pair. My key pair is called:

	server001keypair.pem

Create a new Security Group and enable inbound ports.

	22 (SSH)
	80 (HTTP)
	443 (HTTPS)

Select the new instance and get the Public DNS name. My DNS name is:

	ec2-184-73-84-106.compute-1.amazonaws.com

WARNING: The Public DNS name changes after stopping and starting the instance.

== Connect to the Instance

Login to the new instance.

	ssh -i server001keypair.pem ec2-user@ec2-184-73-84-106.compute-1.amazonaws.com
	sudo bash

This did not work.

	ssh -i server001keypair.pem root@ec2-184-73-84-106.compute-1.amazonaws.com
		Please login as the ec2-user user rather than root user.

== Take a look around

	$ pwd
	/home/ec2-user

How much disk space is available?

	$ df
	Filesystem           1K-blocks      Used Available Use% Mounted on
	/dev/xvda1             8256952    866996   7306072  11% /
	tmpfs                   308508        40    308468   1% /dev/shm

Make a list of installed packages.

	$ yum list all > yum-all.000.txt	

Make a list of all files on the disk. After installing new software, compare the latest files to this original list.

	sudo find / -type f -print | grep -v ^/proc/ > find-all-files.000.txt
